well IIT there internet people it's both
gone so today we're gonna talk about a
ray of hope but before we do that I'm
going to tell you a story because have
you ever wanted to believe something was
true so bad that it kind of overrode
your common sense I've been there
I don't want to give anybody false hope
but we do have a ray of hope well we got
some pretty cool news out of the UK and
I want to talk about it but before we do
I'm gonna tell you a little cautionary
tale so it's the early 1900s and there's
this woman she's cook cooks for wealthy
families she is famous for her peach ice
cream and she's just incredibly lucky I
mean incredibly lucky because everywhere
that she goes people get sick they get
typhoid and you know she just moves on
to the next job and sure enough well
that happens there - she's not
incredibly lucky she's an asymptomatic
carrier for typhoid everybody knows her
today is typhoid mary now eventually
this is found out and she is placed in
isolation and she doesn't believe that
she is a carrier she doesn't believe
that's true she wants to believe
something else now eventually they let
her out and they say look we're gonna
let you out but you have to take these
precautions you can't be a cook you know
and and laid it out for she wanted to
believe something else so bad that she
abide him by the precautions for a
little walk and then she went back to
being a cook and it happened again
and
then on March 27th so today in 1915 so
105 years ago today she went back into
isolation where she stayed where she
stayed okay so now that we all have it
in our minds that we can't assume
something is true simply because we want
to believe it let's talk about a study
out of the UK there's a study out of
Oxford that is suggesting a whole lot of
people have already been exposed and
contracted what's going around and that
should provide some immunity now I
definitely want to believe this because
if you take their estimate and move it
over to the US y'all remember when I was
sick for like a week and my voice
sounded all weird and there were three
days when I didn't make videos and you
guys were literally sending me messages
asking if I was dead that's the time
period in question so I definitely want
to believe this because it means I'm
kind of out of the woods but a respected
epidemiologist Adam charkie I will put
the link below has kind of explained
what's going on the Oxford study it has
a couple of different scenarios now the
media is focusing on the most extreme
that is suggesting tens of millions have
already been exposed
kind of lays out why that's probably not
true but it is possible that a whole
bunch of people were exposed and this
really should help and we'll know
whether or not it's true
pretty soon the peaks that we're
expecting they'll be lower than then
anticipated and things will get better
quickly but the thing is we don't know
that it's true and just because we want
to believe it doesn't doesn't mean that
it is true so we're going to have to
pretend like it's not until we know for
sure we don't want to get out cause a
bunch of problems and then have to go
back so for the time being stay at home
wash your hands don't touch your face
practice social distancing but at least
we have something to hope for anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day